the word of the Lord which came to
the word of the Lord which came to Zephaniah the son of coucher the son of
Zephaniah the son of coucher the son of
Zephaniah the son of coucher the son of Gera laia the son of a Mariah the son of
Gera laia the son of a Mariah the son of
Gera laia the son of a Mariah the son of Hezekiah in the days of Josiah the son
Hezekiah in the days of Josiah the son
Hezekiah in the days of Josiah the son of Ammon king of Judah
of Ammon king of Judah
of Ammon king of Judah I will utterly consume everything from
I will utterly consume everything from
I will utterly consume everything from the face of the land says the Lord I
the face of the land says the Lord I
the face of the land says the Lord I will consume man and beast I will
will consume man and beast I will
will consume man and beast I will consume the birds of the heavens the
consume the birds of the heavens the
consume the birds of the heavens the fish of the sea and the stumbling blocks
fish of the sea and the stumbling blocks
fish of the sea and the stumbling blocks along with the wicked I will cut off man
along with the wicked I will cut off man
along with the wicked I will cut off man from the face of the land says the Lord
from the face of the land says the Lord
from the face of the land says the Lord I will stretch out my hand against Judah
I will stretch out my hand against Judah
I will stretch out my hand against Judah and against all the inhabitants of
and against all the inhabitants of
and against all the inhabitants of Jerusalem I will cut off every trace of
Jerusalem I will cut off every trace of
Jerusalem I will cut off every trace of bail from this place the names of the
bail from this place the names of the
bail from this place the names of the idolatrous priests with the pagan
idolatrous priests with the pagan
idolatrous priests with the pagan priests those who worship the host of
priests those who worship the host of
priests those who worship the host of heaven on the house tops those who
heaven on the house tops those who
heaven on the house tops those who worship and swear oaths by the Lord but
worship and swear oaths by the Lord but
worship and swear oaths by the Lord but who also swear by Milka those who have
who also swear by Milka those who have
who also swear by Milka those who have turned back from following the Lord and
turned back from following the Lord and
turned back from following the Lord and have not sought the Lord nor inquired of
have not sought the Lord nor inquired of
have not sought the Lord nor inquired of him be silent in the presence of the
him be silent in the presence of the
him be silent in the presence of the Lord God for the day of the Lord is at
Lord God for the day of the Lord is at
Lord God for the day of the Lord is at hand for the Lord has prepared a
hand for the Lord has prepared a
hand for the Lord has prepared a sacrifice he has invited his guests and
sacrifice he has invited his guests and
sacrifice he has invited his guests and it shall be in the day of the Lord
it shall be in the day of the Lord
it shall be in the day of the Lord sacrifices that I will punish the
sacrifices that I will punish the
sacrifices that I will punish the princes and the Kings children and all
princes and the Kings children and all
princes and the Kings children and all such as are clothed with foreign power
such as are clothed with foreign power
such as are clothed with foreign power in the same day
in the same day
in the same day punish all those who leapt over the
punish all those who leapt over the
punish all those who leapt over the threshold who fill their masters houses
threshold who fill their masters houses
threshold who fill their masters houses with violence and deceit and there shall
with violence and deceit and there shall
with violence and deceit and there shall be on that day says the Lord the sound
be on that day says the Lord the sound
be on that day says the Lord the sound of a mournful cry from the fish gate a
of a mournful cry from the fish gate a
of a mournful cry from the fish gate a wailing from the second quarter and a
wailing from the second quarter and a
wailing from the second quarter and a loud crashing from the hills wail you
loud crashing from the hills wail you
loud crashing from the hills wail you inhabitants of Mukesh for all the
inhabitants of Mukesh for all the
inhabitants of Mukesh for all the merchants people are cut down all those
merchants people are cut down all those
merchants people are cut down all those who handle money are cut off and it
who handle money are cut off and it
who handle money are cut off and it shall come to pass at that time that I
shall come to pass at that time that I
shall come to pass at that time that I will search Jerusalem with lamps and
will search Jerusalem with lamps and
will search Jerusalem with lamps and punish the men who are settled in
punish the men who are settled in
punish the men who are settled in complacency and say in their heart the
complacency and say in their heart the
complacency and say in their heart the Lord will not do good nor will he do
Lord will not do good nor will he do
Lord will not do good nor will he do evil therefore their goods shall become
evil therefore their goods shall become
evil therefore their goods shall become booty and their houses a desolation they
booty and their houses a desolation they
booty and their houses a desolation they shall build houses but not inhabitant
shall build houses but not inhabitant
shall build houses but not inhabitant they shall plant vineyards but not drink
they shall plant vineyards but not drink
they shall plant vineyards but not drink their one the great day of the Lord is
their one the great day of the Lord is
their one the great day of the Lord is near it is near and hastens quickly the
near it is near and hastens quickly the
near it is near and hastens quickly the noise of the day of the Lord is bitter
noise of the day of the Lord is bitter
noise of the day of the Lord is bitter there the mighty men shall cry out that
there the mighty men shall cry out that
there the mighty men shall cry out that day is a day of wrath a day of trouble
day is a day of wrath a day of trouble
day is a day of wrath a day of trouble and distress a day of devastation and
and distress a day of devastation and
and distress a day of devastation and desolation a day of darkness and
desolation a day of darkness and
desolation a day of darkness and gloominess a day of clouds and thick
gloominess a day of clouds and thick
gloominess a day of clouds and thick darkness a day of trumpet and alarm
darkness a day of trumpet and alarm
darkness a day of trumpet and alarm against the fortified cities and against
against the fortified cities and against
against the fortified cities and against the high towers
the high towers
the high towers I will bring distress upon men and they
I will bring distress upon men and they
I will bring distress upon men and they shall walk like blind men because they
shall walk like blind men because they
shall walk like blind men because they have sinned against the law their blood
have sinned against the law their blood
have sinned against the law their blood shall be poured out like dust and their
shall be poured out like dust and their
shall be poured out like dust and their flesh like a refuse
flesh like a refuse
flesh like a refuse neither their silver nor their gold
neither their silver nor their gold
neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day
shall be able to deliver them in the day
shall be able to deliver them in the day of the Lord's wrath but the whole land
of the Lord's wrath but the whole land
of the Lord's wrath but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his
shall be devoured by the fire of his
shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy for he will make speedy
jealousy for he will make speedy
jealousy for he will make speedy riddance of all those who dwell in the
riddance of all those who dwell in the
riddance of all those who dwell in the land
land
land [Music]